# CS-330-Comp-Graphics-
My first approach to designing software would be creating a draft on a spare piece of paper to get an understanding. Designing this project has allowed me to break complex things into simpler shapes. With this in mind, the design process I followed was an elementary. I created a base model not worrying about textures, but getting an idea of the shapes and where the model was position in the environment. Although it was a lengthy process, I was able to understand and created a similar model to my example. Afterwards, I started working the textures. I first created the texture, and had to map out the coordinates so that it could match up accordingly. This was also a lengthy process, lastly, adding the lighting wasn't as much of a lengthly process as the rest. The tactics I applied can be applied for future work in many ways. It's a stress-free way to ensure that all the areas of the project are covered. Starting with the basics and building your way up. I develop programs to by first looking at resources to help guide my thinking before going full on. There weren't really new development strategies I had to implement while working on the 3D scene, it was mainly learning the different terms and syntax. Iteration didn't play a major role in the development process, but it was a small factor. My approach in developing code, didn't really evolve throughout the milestone, but it did help shape my thinking on how I should go about things. Computer science can help reach my goals by shaping my thinking as a programmer. Computational graphics and visualiations gave me a brief set of knowledge and skills, I know how to create basic shapes in OpenGl,if I wanted to consider a career in modern openGL, I could further my knowledge and skills.
